What's that so-called project?
He just got out.
Okay, okay, there's an hour of work that doesn't work, right?
It's not.
There was a problem with the project last night.
He promised he'd stay up all night and come to the construction site. What was the situation?
Who knows if it's arbitrary to find a reason miners go out to play.
Let's go.
Open me up. What's this coin called?
General Director Jiang, don't provide anymore.
What?
The salary is inaccurate.
There's a kind of leader who's absent on this day of work.
It's no surprise there's a team like you.
Look what's on your desk.
You normally put your mind to these things.
I don't.
This is what my girlfriend gave me.
I don't even dare to cry.
You're fired.
This is up.
I truly consider the company my home.
General Director Jiang, I also opened him for me.
Look at you.
No wonder the river crossing project is in trouble.
From now on, the entire project will begin to repair.
You guys are really good one by one.
Here.
You have to do what I say here.
If not, the risk can occur at any time.
This is a big thing about human life.
Don't be careless.
Hey, you go ahead.
I was fired.